docs/pages/getting-started/installation.mdx, before:

import PageMeta from '../../_shared/PageMeta'

<PageMeta
  title="Installation"
  description="Step-by-step guide how to install @material-ui/pickers"
/>

## Installation

Available as an [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@material-ui/pickers)

```
npm i @material-ui/pickers

yarn add @material-ui/pickers
```

#### Peer Library

@material-ui/pickers was designed to use the date management library of your choice.
We are providing interfaces for [moment](https://momentjs.com/), [date-fns 2](https://date-fns.org/), [luxon](https://moment.github.io/luxon/) and [dayjs](https://github.com/iamkun/dayjs).

**Important:** we only support date-fns versions `v2` upwards.

```
npm i @date-io/date-fns date-fns@next
// or
npm i @date-io/moment moment
// or
npm i -s @date-io/luxon luxon
// or
npm i -s @date-io/dayjs dayjs
```

Tell pickers which date management library it should use with `MuiPickersUtilsProvider`. This component takes a utils
`prop`, and makes it available down the React tree with [React Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html). It should
be used at the root of your component tree, or at the highest level you wish the pickers to be available.

```jsx
import { MuiPickersUtilsProvider } from '@material-ui/pickers';

// pick a date util library
import MomentUtils from '@date-io/moment';
import DateFnsUtils from '@date-io/date-fns';
import LuxonUtils from '@date-io/luxon';

function App() {
  return (
    <MuiPickersUtilsProvider utils={DateFnsUtils}>
      <Root />
    </MuiPickersUtilsProvider>
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));

```

Commit message:

[ UPDATE ] migrate @material-ui to @krowdy-ui

docs/pages/getting-started/installation.mdx, after:

import PageMeta from '../../_shared/PageMeta'

<PageMeta
  title="Installation"
  description="Step-by-step guide how to install @krowdy-ui/pickers"
/>

## Installation

Available as an [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@krowdy-ui/pickers)

```
npm i @krowdy-ui/pickers

yarn add @krowdy-ui/pickers
```

#### Peer Library

@krowdy-ui/pickers was designed to use the date management library of your choice.
We are providing interfaces for [moment](https://momentjs.com/), [date-fns 2](https://date-fns.org/), [luxon](https://moment.github.io/luxon/) and [dayjs](https://github.com/iamkun/dayjs).

**Important:** we only support date-fns versions `v2` upwards.

```
npm i @date-io/date-fns date-fns@next
// or
npm i @date-io/moment moment
// or
npm i -s @date-io/luxon luxon
// or
npm i -s @date-io/dayjs dayjs
```

Tell pickers which date management library it should use with `MuiPickersUtilsProvider`. This component takes a utils
`prop`, and makes it available down the React tree with [React Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html). It should
be used at the root of your component tree, or at the highest level you wish the pickers to be available.

```jsx
import { MuiPickersUtilsProvider } from '@krowdy-ui/pickers';

// pick a date util library
import MomentUtils from '@date-io/moment';
import DateFnsUtils from '@date-io/date-fns';
import LuxonUtils from '@date-io/luxon';

function App() {
  return (
    <MuiPickersUtilsProvider utils={DateFnsUtils}>
      <Root />
    </MuiPickersUtilsProvider>
  );
}

ReactDOM.render(<App />, document.querySelector('#app'));

```
